1. Assume that you are a flight attendant. What is your first reaction if there's a cabin fire?

- It could depend on the type and size of fire. If I can handle the fire, I will put out the fire with the blanket. If not, I will bring a fire extinguisher and delegate my co-workers to calm down the passengers.

2. What would you do if a passenger were sick?

- I will ask how passenger's feeling. If he or she is stomachache/slight cold, I would give him or her ~~
- If a passenger felt sick I would comfort them and offer them some hot water or hot tea.
- I would give them some water and offer them a pillow and blanket. 

3. What would you say to a passenger who is smoking while the NO SMOKING sign is on?

- I will explain the passenger it is strictly prohibited/ not permitted to smoke in the cabin for passenger's safety.
- I would remind the passenger that he cannot smoke on the flight and that he is breaking the law if he continues to smoke

4. What would you say to a passenger who is standing while the FASTEN SEATBELT sign is on?

- I would ask the passenger to sit down and fasten his seatbelt. I would remind him that the seatbelt sign is for his own safety.
- I would remind the passenger that the seatbelt sign is on and he must sit down to avoid personal injury.

5. You split tomato juice or hot coffee on a passenger due to sudden turbulence. What would you say to the passenger?

- I would sincerely apologize to the passenger and help to clean them up.
- I would give the passenger my sincere apologies and then provide a wet towel and bring a fresh beverage.
- The passenger could be burned so I woll provide enough wet towl to cool down.

6. What would you do if a heavily drunken passenger asks for more alcoholic drinks?

 - I would explain to the drunken passenger that I am not permitted to serve more drinks because of his own safety.
 - I would explain to the drunken passenger that he could be more easily drunk in the cabin because of cabin pressure.
 - I would not serve the drunken passenger any more drinks.
 - If they were disturbing the other pasenger I would tell my supervisor about it.

7. What would you do if an economy-class passenger asks for first-class meal/ first-class seat?

 - I would recommend the passenger other choices of meal and It's impossible and unfair to the other economy class passenger.
 - I would apologize and tell them it's not possible as there are a set number of meals for the passengers on the flight.

8. What would you do if a passenger is in a deep sleep when you are serving a meal?

- I would let the passenger sleep and serve them their meal later when wake up.
- If a passenger is in a deep sleep, I would not wate her/him up and I would keep watching if he or she wakes up or not.

9. There are children running around disturbing other passengers. What would you do?

- I would like to the parents of the children and ask them to keep the children under control.
- I think there are so many dangerous factors/ hidden dangers that the child could be hurt in the cabin, I would ask their parents to make their children stay in their seats for their own safety.

10. If a baby keeps crying, what would you do?

- I would speak to mother of the baby and ask her to try her best to keep the baby quiet as it is disturbing the other pasengers.
- I would ask the mother if there was anything I could get her help her confort her baby.

11. What would you do if many passengers seem very upset about a flight delay?

- I would apologize for the delay and assure them that the airline is doing its best to solve the problem.
- I would apologize to the passengers and serve them refreshments to keep them comfortable and satisfied.

12. If a passenger asks you on a date, What would you do?

- I would act progessionally and tell them that I cannot date passengers.
- I would tell them that I am flattered, but I have a wonderful boyfriend already.