1. How are you? / how are you doing today? / how are you feeling today? / how are things going?

- I am fine / I am good / I am happy + thank you.
- I am honor to interview with you.
- Thank you for giving me this opportunity to interview with you.
- I am good but a little bit nervous.

2. What is your name?

- My name is kim kyeong seo
- I am kim kyeong seo

3. What does your name mean?

- My family name is kim and given name is kyeong seo
- My father named me my name. It means to be full of happiness.

4. Could you tell me your name of college and major?
5. Do you graduate university?
6. What is your major?

- I graduated from DukSung Women's University with a major in Computer Science and a minor in Mathmatics.
- I majored in computer science and minored in mathmatics.
  
7. How did you come here?

- I took the subway from 마천 station to 증미/김포 airport station. and then jumped on a bus to here. and walked the rest of the way over here.

8. What do you think of the weather today?

- It's nice/wonderful/perfect/lovely/fine weather we're having. I think. I hope it stays this way.
- 화창/ It's clear/good/nice/sunny weather today.
- 가을/ The weather becomes coller. It's a little chilly outside. Autumn has arrived. Autumn is in the air. The sky look high and clear. This is perfect weather for a picnic.
- 겨울/ It's cold today. or It's snowy today. We have a heavy snow today
- 흐릴때/ It's cloudy today
- 비올때/ It's rainy today


9. How do you feel? Are you nervous?

- I was a little nervous when I first walked in. But I'm fine now.
- No, sir. I'm feeling quite comfortable. Now

10. Did you have breakfast this morning? > yes / no //과거
11. What did you have?
12. Do you always eat breakfast? //현재
13. Why not? Do you always skip breakfast?

- yes, I did. I usually eate cereal with milk. because I was in a hurry so I just had cereal with milk. It's easy and fast to make.
- yes I think breakfast is essential part of my day.
- yes I believe that breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
- I try to always eat breakfast. It gives me energy for the day ahead.
- No. I usually skip.
- No I did. I usually eat breakfast. but I was a little nervous about the interview today and lost my appetite.
- No. I usually skip breakfast because I simply do not feel hungry in the morning

14. What did you do yesterday?

- I just relaxed listening to music at home for the interview.
- I usually listen to classical music to relax.
- yesterday. I listend 차이콥스키's serenade for strings.

15. what are you going to do after this interview?

- After the interview, I will have lunch with my sister.
- Maybe I'm going to eat 딤섬 with her.
- I recommend a Chinese restaurant called 'GuBok' near 신촌 station.
- All food at the restaurant is delicious.

---

16. What is your hobby?
17. What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
18. How do you usually spend your free time?

- My hobby is yoga. I really enjoy yoga in my free/spare time.
- I like to do yoga.
- To relax and recharge myself, I usually do yoga.
- My activity at home has helped me to be flexible and healthy.
- I spend my spare time in doing yoga.

19. When do you get stressed?

- I don't usually get stressed

20. How to release stress?

21. what is your special skill?
22. Do you have any qualification or particular skills?

- My special skill is .... I've p.p

23. How many members are there in your family?
24. Can you tell me about your family?
25. What is your family motto?

- There are 4 members in my family. I live with my sister now. And my parents are in my hometown. I come from warm/closs-knit/liberal family.

- moto (family, life mote 같은것으로.)

---

26. What is your major?
27. What did you major in?
28. Could you tell me about your major?

- I majored in computer science and minored in mathmatics.

29. Why did you choose that major?
30. How did you decide on your major?
31. What made you select your major?

- I was interested in Android Application in high school (when I was a high school student). So I decided to major in computer science.

32. What have you learned from your major?
33. Why didn't you pursue a career in yor major?
34. How is your major related to airline industry?
35. How is your major related to flight attendant requirements?

- From my major, I have learned ...
	- ex) From my major, I have learned the understanding and tolerant attitude towards other cultures.
- My studies have helped me to gain ...
	- ex) My studies many team projets have helped me to gain patience and cooperation.
- My studies have enabled me to v...
	- ex) My studies have enabled me to gain the ability to handle multiple tasks.

36. What have you learned from university?
37. What impressed you most in your school days?

- 1) I have focused my energy on + 집중한 분야 and obtaining + 획득한 능력
	- ex) I have focused my energy on work and obtaining real-world experience
	- ex) I have focused my energy on club activities and obtaining leadership and people skills
	- ex) I have focused my energy on my studies in...
- 2) In addition to A, I participated in/ attended + 활동명
	- ex) In addition to my studies, I participated in presentation club activities in school
	- ex) In addition to work experience, I participated in volunteer activities from the community.
- 3) These activities tautht me + 능력/지식
	- ex) These activities taught me leadershop, communication, and teamwork skills
	- ex) These activities taught me how to motivate team members and work on teams.
- 4) I believe that A has specifically prepared me to + v
	- ex) I believe that many of my team project experiences have specifically prepared me to work effectively with others.
	- ex) I believe that my various part-time jobs have prepared me to deal with various customers and solve problems in unexpected situation.
- 5) Actually my major is related to airline Industry. Althogh what I learned from the colleage dosen't seem very relavant to service-oriented field, but + 서비스직 경험을 통해
- 6) From these experiences, I believe working in customer service field is more suited to me. It is suitable for me to work in a customer service field. (확신했다는것을 보여줘야한다. 간절하게)
- 7) My education and experience will be great asset in working as a flight attendant.

---

38. Have you ever part time job experiences?
39. Do you have any experience to work in customer-service field?
40. What experience do you have in the service field?
41. What company do you work for?(이직)
42. What did you learn from your past work experience? (꼬리질문 안나오도록. 서비스 + 이직)

- 1.어디에서 일했고(where --- , which 부연설명)
- 2.언제일했고 기간(for,during) 
- 3.my duty was ~ ,It was my duty to ~ 정확하게(casher, welcomer) 
- 4.어떤것을 배웠는지(what did you ?)>나의 서비스 마인드..(친절한 말한마디, 미소에도 만족했다)
- ex) I have experience working with the public. When I worked as a manager I had to help guests with their problems and make them feel welcome.
- ex) I've had a few jobs that involved dealing with the public. When I worked at a A hotel, It was my duty to help guest with their problems and make them feel as comfortable as possible.
- ex) During my college days, I participated in an intership program at the H hotel and I got very practical, hands-on experience through it.
- ex) I learned that the customer is always right, that people appreciate friendly service.
- ex) I learned to be very patient and understanding, even in the most frustrating situations.

43. What is real service mind?
44. What is a service-oriented mind?

- A person with a service-oriented mind always thinks of ways to please the customer.
- It is the attitude of putting the customer first and serving them as best a possible.
- I believe that service mind is consistent attitude to give a smile first and be open minded to customers even thought I am not in good condition.

45. Have you ever traveled abroad?
46. What did you learn from them? (나열 ㄴㄴ, 자랑 ㄴㄴ, 경험위주로, 인상깊었던것)

- 문화(대중문화)
- 바쁘게 살아도 여유롭게(양보, 눈보고)
- 감명받았다.
- 문화적 차이. 배워야겠다
- 목적지 헤맬때 누군가 도와줬던것.
- 반성, 배웠던것들
- 사람, 생활 Episode 위주로
- 감동줄 수 있으면 좋다.

47. 동아리/대외활동/어학연수/교환학생/봉사활동 What + Episode + what did you learn?

48. 학창시절(전공선택 이유, 서비스직 알바, 대외활동, 가장 기억에 남는것, 해외경험)

49. What is your strong point?
50. Describe yourself in three words.
51. What do you think your personality is like?
52. What do other people say about your personality?

- 저는 ~~한 사람입니다.
- I am  ~~~ very hard working/ decisive
- I am a person who respects seniority. / who thinks in someone else's shoes.
- I have a good sense of 성격 명사 humor. / I have a strong will to achieve whatever I have planned.
- 저는 ~하는 것을 좋아합니다.(성격, 사상, 성향)